README.md, before:

![banner-solidworks](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/127905775-f3b47b1e-91a0-40a1-8842-c21a311e8221.png)

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)

SolidWorks is a CAD software that can be used to create parametric models, assemblies, and drawings. It's typical to work with relationships (the alignment of elements with one another) and dimensions (alignment through values).

You get this program for systems that have Windows or macOS installed.

But the problem is that there are also people like me who don't want to use either of these two operating systems on their systems. Then these users have installed a Linux distribution such as openSUSE Leap, Ubuntu or Fedora.

And so I got the idea to start this project here to find a way to solve this problem. 

I started looking at different tools and my choice was Wine! 

With this nice tool we don't need longer two operating systems for Solidworks, when you want to create simple FEM, fluid and motion simulations.

Is that a great idea for the future?

Personally, I think this idea is good and for this reason I will do my best to give you the opportunity to use it on Linux as well!

---

  - 📂 Downloads: [Stable](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/tree/main/scripts/stable-branch) and [development builds](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/tree/main/scripts/development-branch)
  - 📔 Documentation: [GitHub-Documentation](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/wiki/Documentation)
  - 💬 Would You like to get in touch with me? Or if You have any questions, suggestions or problems?
  - 📫 Then You can create an [issue](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/issues) here on GitHub or You visit my <a href="https://cryinkfly.com">website</a> and get in touch with me!
  - 📜 Code of Conduct: Contributor Covenant (Still in Progress!)
  - 📖 Information for contributors: All contribution information, Compilation instructions, Roadmap (Still in Progress!)
  - ❤️ I'd like to thank everyone who has [helped](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/blob/main/COMMUNITY.md) me to get SolidWorks up and running on Linux!
  - 🍷 Super Application Maintainer (WineHQ): https://appdb.winehq.org/objectManager.php?sClass=application&iId=318

---

## Screenshots
<div>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/118688257-2e3d0e80-b806-11eb-825f-0b245f700c78.png" width="300px" height="200px">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/208295565-5261833e-d7e3-458a-abb4-10141d57b8c4.png" width="300px" height="200px">
</div>
<div>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/135744318-8db41136-30a0-4809-aa70-8e6a2983a90f.png" width="300px" height="200px">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/main/files/images/SOLIDWORKS%20Composer%20Player%202020/composer-player-filebrowser.png" width="300px" height="200px">
</div>

---

## Downloads

There are some [script releases](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/tree/main/scripts) available, built from the release targets.

It's recommended that if you're new you start with the stable builds. Development builds are available here if you need it, but correspondingly may be less stable.

---

## Hardware and Software Requirements

- Internet connection (Cable/DSL speeds recommended)
- Latest Ubuntu LTS, Fedora, Debian, Manjaro, openSUSE Leap, fully updated
- Latest graphics driver
- Some packages (p7zip, p7zip-full, p7zip-rar, curl, wget, winbind, cabextract, wine, wine-mono, wine_gecko & winetricks)

---

## Getting Started

Install Solidworks for Linux client:

1.) Check my <a href="https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/wiki/Documentation">GitHub-Documentation</a> before you install Solidworks on your system!

2.) Open a terminal and run this command:

    cd ~/Downloads && wget -N -O solidworks-install.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux/main/files/builds/stable-branch/bin/install.sh && mv install.sh solidworks-install.sh && chmod +x solidworks-install.sh && ./solidworks-install.sh

3.) Please check this [issue](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/issues/3) if the installation hangs up by installing the language files!

*Notice: Script is still in progress!!!

---

## Which work areas and functions have I tested:

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th>Windows</th>
<th>Linux</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Installation worked!</td>
<td style="text-align: center;"><g-emoji class="g-emoji" alias="heavy_check_mark" fallback-src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png"><img class="emoji" alt="heavy_check_mark" src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png" width="20" height="20"></g-emoji></td>
<td style="text-align: center;"><g-emoji class="g-emoji" alias="heavy_check_mark" fallback-src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png"><img class="emoji" alt="heavy_check_mark" src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png" width="20" height="20"></g-emoji></td>
</tbody>
</table>

---

## Important Notice

With the help of my script, You get a way to install Solidworks on your Linux system. 

Certain packages and programs that are required will be set up for You, but it's important to know, that my script only helps You to get the program to run and nothing more! 

And so, You must to purchase the licenses directly from the manufacturer of the program Solidworks!

---

## License

All my scripts are released under the MIT license, see ![LICENSE.md](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for full text.

Commit message:

Update README with project archive notice
Added a warning about project archiving and new location.

README.md, after:

>[!WARNING]
>This project has been archived here and will be continued on https://codeberg.org/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-on-Linux.

---

![banner-solidworks](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/127905775-f3b47b1e-91a0-40a1-8842-c21a311e8221.png)

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux?style=for-the-badge)

SolidWorks is a CAD software that can be used to create parametric models, assemblies, and drawings. It's typical to work with relationships (the alignment of elements with one another) and dimensions (alignment through values).

You get this program for systems that have Windows or macOS installed.

But the problem is that there are also people like me who don't want to use either of these two operating systems on their systems. Then these users have installed a Linux distribution such as openSUSE Leap, Ubuntu or Fedora.

And so I got the idea to start this project here to find a way to solve this problem. 

I started looking at different tools and my choice was Wine! 

With this nice tool we don't need longer two operating systems for Solidworks, when you want to create simple FEM, fluid and motion simulations.

Is that a great idea for the future?

Personally, I think this idea is good and for this reason I will do my best to give you the opportunity to use it on Linux as well!

---

  - 📂 Downloads: [Stable](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/tree/main/scripts/stable-branch) and [development builds](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/tree/main/scripts/development-branch)
  - 📔 Documentation: [GitHub-Documentation](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/wiki/Documentation)
  - 💬 Would You like to get in touch with me? Or if You have any questions, suggestions or problems?
  - 📫 Then You can create an [issue](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/issues) here on GitHub or You visit my <a href="https://cryinkfly.com">website</a> and get in touch with me!
  - 📜 Code of Conduct: Contributor Covenant (Still in Progress!)
  - 📖 Information for contributors: All contribution information, Compilation instructions, Roadmap (Still in Progress!)
  - ❤️ I'd like to thank everyone who has [helped](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/blob/main/COMMUNITY.md) me to get SolidWorks up and running on Linux!
  - 🍷 Super Application Maintainer (WineHQ): https://appdb.winehq.org/objectManager.php?sClass=application&iId=318

---

## Screenshots
<div>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/118688257-2e3d0e80-b806-11eb-825f-0b245f700c78.png" width="300px" height="200px">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/208295565-5261833e-d7e3-458a-abb4-10141d57b8c4.png" width="300px" height="200px">
</div>
<div>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79079633/135744318-8db41136-30a0-4809-aa70-8e6a2983a90f.png" width="300px" height="200px">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/main/files/images/SOLIDWORKS%20Composer%20Player%202020/composer-player-filebrowser.png" width="300px" height="200px">
</div>

---

## Downloads

There are some [script releases](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/tree/main/scripts) available, built from the release targets.

It's recommended that if you're new you start with the stable builds. Development builds are available here if you need it, but correspondingly may be less stable.

---

## Hardware and Software Requirements

- Internet connection (Cable/DSL speeds recommended)
- Latest Ubuntu LTS, Fedora, Debian, Manjaro, openSUSE Leap, fully updated
- Latest graphics driver
- Some packages (p7zip, p7zip-full, p7zip-rar, curl, wget, winbind, cabextract, wine, wine-mono, wine_gecko & winetricks)

---

## Getting Started

Install Solidworks for Linux client:

1.) Check my <a href="https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/wiki/Documentation">GitHub-Documentation</a> before you install Solidworks on your system!

2.) Open a terminal and run this command:

    cd ~/Downloads && wget -N -O solidworks-install.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-for-Linux/main/files/builds/stable-branch/bin/install.sh && mv install.sh solidworks-install.sh && chmod +x solidworks-install.sh && ./solidworks-install.sh

3.) Please check this [issue](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/issues/3) if the installation hangs up by installing the language files!

*Notice: Script is still in progress!!!

---

## Which work areas and functions have I tested:

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th>Windows</th>
<th>Linux</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Installation worked!</td>
<td style="text-align: center;"><g-emoji class="g-emoji" alias="heavy_check_mark" fallback-src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png"><img class="emoji" alt="heavy_check_mark" src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png" width="20" height="20"></g-emoji></td>
<td style="text-align: center;"><g-emoji class="g-emoji" alias="heavy_check_mark" fallback-src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png"><img class="emoji" alt="heavy_check_mark" src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2714.png" width="20" height="20"></g-emoji></td>
</tbody>
</table>

---

## Important Notice

With the help of my script, You get a way to install Solidworks on your Linux system. 

Certain packages and programs that are required will be set up for You, but it's important to know, that my script only helps You to get the program to run and nothing more! 

And so, You must to purchase the licenses directly from the manufacturer of the program Solidworks!

---

## License

All my scripts are released under the MIT license, see ![LICENSE.md](https://github.com/cryinkfly/SOLIDWORKS-Linux-Wine-Version-/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for full text.
